Stormy Daniels’ Lawyer Just Thanked Trump for Helping His Case
Study: GOP bill cuts taxes for the rich, raises taxes for 95 percent of Kentuckians
Not 50 Million, Not 87 Million... Facebook Admits Data From 'Most' of Its 2 Billion Users Compromised by 'Malicious Actors'
Mueller Investigating Jared Kushner Meeting With Former United Arab Emirates Advisor
Facebook sent a doctor on a secret mission to ask hospitals to share patient data
Why Mitch McConnell is bragging about holding up Merrick Garland from the Supreme Court, two years later
Trump floated replacing Sessions with Pruitt this week despite scandals
Trump's feud with Amazon is really about the Washington Post's success
Trump approval drops to record low
Stormy Daniels' lawyer fires back: We’re eager to test the 'truthfulness of Mr. Trump’s feigned lack of knowledge'
It looks like Paul Manafort’s “Hail Mary” case against Mueller is going down in flames
Brennan rips Trump: 'Your self adoration is disgraceful'
Sinclair’s remarkable gaslighting operation
Daily Beast Sues Department of Justice Over Nunes Memo
Former Trump aide approved 'black ops' to help Ukraine president
Think college students are privileged? Nearly a third are hungry and homeless
Is Vladimir Putin Trump's top adviser on Syria?
Trump’s Monthly Approval Rating Hits Record Low in March
The Daily Beast sues Justice Dept for records on Nunes memo
Stormy Daniels' lawyer: Trump just increased strength of our case 'exponentially'
Trump tosses prepared remarks at tax event: 'This is boring!'
Facebook sent a doctor on a secret mission to ask hospitals to share patient data
Oklahoma governor compares teachers to 'a teenage kid that wants a better car'
‘God help us if it gets hot’: Train hauling 10M pounds of human feces stranded in town
Students walk out at Woodland Park H.S. in support of 2nd amendment
THE ISIS FILES We unearthed thousands of internal documents that help explain how the Islamic State stayed in power so long.
Chinese student to be deported after paying $3,000 to impostor to help her get into American university
Pennsylvania DA is charged with protecting drug dealers, trading favorable treatment for sex
Eric Bristow: Five-time darts world champion dies aged 60
Carles Puigdemont freed on bail by German court
Final Parkland shooting survivor released from the hospital
UK admits contact with Libyan group linked to Manchester bomber
BBC admits treehouse scene from Human Planet series was faked
Coachella using drones, security plans enacted after 9/11 to prevent another Las Vegas-type incident.
US businesses add a healthy 241K jobs in March
Mexico starts giving caravan migrants transit visas
U.S. Trade Gap Rises for the 6th Straight Month to 9½-Year High
YouTube shooter Nasim Aghdam's father says she wouldn't hurt an ant
Trump privately expresses "relief" that Mueller said he is not yet a "target" of the Russia investigation. What does that say? Not the reaction of an innocent person confident of his innocence.
US preparing military to secure border with Mexico: Trump
Active shooter situation at YouTube headquarters; multiple patients
Pruitt Had a $50-a-Day Condo Linked to Lobbyists. Their Client's Project Got Approved.
Trump’s Affairs and the Future of the Nondisclosure Agreement
With Trump’s Help, Egypt Holds a Farcical Election
Facebook executes defends leaked memo saying that it's good for company growth to facilitate "communication" even if someone dies as a result.
Who stands to gain if Trump pulls the US out of Syria?
Thanks to California pardon, Army vet deported in 2004 will become a US citizen
Alleged Parkland shooter getting fan mail, money from supporters
Trump’s Lawyer Raised Prospect of Pardons for Flynn and Manafort
Top Trump Campaign Aide Spoke During Campaign to Russian Military Intelligence Officer in the GRU
John Paul Stevens, retired Supreme Court judge, says repeal second amendment
Thanks to Parkland Teens, One Number Will Now Be Associated With Marco Rubio: $1.05
Trump: Putin Can Help Solve America’s Problem With ‘Ukraine’
Ex-Playboy Model Karen McDougal: Trump Told Me He Loved Me Constantly
One district’s answer to an active shooter is a bucket of rocks in every classroom
'Lone DNC Hacker’ Guccifer 2.0 Slipped Up and Revealed He Was a Russian Intelligence Officer
Congressional Leaders Agree on $1.3 Trillion Spending Bill as Deadline Looms
Mississippi "best state for an unborn child"...right.
Mexican senate approves resolution calling for the government to suspend joint efforts on migration and security until Trump exhibits "civility and respect".
Citing 'Don't Be Evil' Motto, 3,000+ Google Employees Demand Company End Work on Pentagon Drone Project
Not 50 Million, Not 87 Million... Facebook Admits Data From 'Most' of Its 2 Billion Users Compromised by 'Malicious Actors': Buried in a company announcement was acknowledgement that nearly all of its users have been targeted to some degree
Saudi crown prince brags Jared Kushner handed him U.S. intelligence
UK firm at heart of Facebook data scandal helped Duterte win 2016 polls
Sugar taxes improve health of the poor, major study finds - Britain’s “sugar tax” will succeed in improving health among poorer people, the findings of a major international study suggest.
The number of plastic bags found on the seabed has plummeted, suggesting efforts to combat plastic pollution are working: Experts say success of strategy needs to be replicated with other plastic items such as coffee cups and bottles.
World invested more in solar energy than coal, gas and nuclear combined in 2017, UN report reveals
Facebook sent a doctor on a secret mission to ask hospitals to share patient data
Portugal generated 100% of its energy from renewable sources in March
The United States on Thursday approved a contract to sell Saudi Arabia 180 self-propelled artillery systems for $1.31 billion, in the latest stage of perhaps the world's biggest arms deal
Jewish, Palestinian activists hold 'Freedom Seder' in the West Bank. Inspired by the Civil Rights Movement’s Freedom Seder in 1969, 100 Jewish and Palestinian anti-occupation activists read from a Haggadah written in English, Hebrew and Arabic.
People as old as 79 may still generate new brain cells, US researchers said, stoking fresh debate among scientists over whether or when our mental capacity ever stops growing
Former Trump aide approved 'black ops' to help Ukraine president
Osama bin Laden’s son calls for Saudi Arabia UPRISING as he vows to redistribute wealth
Meet the gargantuan air freighter that looks like a whale
US approves $1.3 billion sale of artillery to Saudi Arabia
Carles Puigdemont freed on bail by German court
Trump floated replacing Sessions with Pruitt this week despite scandals
Ex-Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont freed by German court
Russian Intelligence head uses George Orwell's 1984 to accuse West of hypocrisy: “War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, Ignorance is Strength"
Explosives hurled at IDF troops guarding Jewish worshipers in Nablus
Trump's top infrastructure aide is leaving White House
Frustrated Supreme Court Justices Look For A Solution To Gerrymandering
A security row has erupted over the Pakistani Prime Minister's trip to the U.S.
Pretty amazing video shot by residents in this small California Sierra foothills town.
Justice Department forms cyber task force to probe election meddling
Climber rescued, others stranded on Oregon's Mount Hood
UK MP calls for cannabis to be legalized, advises UK citizens to break the law and admits to making cannabis tea in the house of commons.
Top News Posts From May 1st to May 7th
To Boost Trump Wiretap Claims, White House Leans On Unlikely Source
Knesset approves law barring boycott supporters from entering Israel and the OPT - Adalah
Democrats Literally Laugh At Idea Of Voter ID At CNN's DNC Debate
Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence
